oh no no nobody
especially the France Italy picking up
backseat do you remember the backseat
remember the days when we met but
driving a boat was enough backseat
running free thanks Tracy word but um
but there's no catching me it's late at
night and I pray that God tell them I'm
sorry for my seat no but getting it on
my team winning this have you ever
played with the Falcons my friend again
it's Oh like dinosaurs I'm so freakin
get this final cold breath when that
nigga get Bo top it down like a semi
Russell said I wanna go let a green
light gray like I said I wanna go to the
Pablo condo
oh no no no no god you're rich nigga
came a long way long way here buddy said
we went man went may I'm the same nigga
trapping at the face poor love you
should see the head of face caliber to
know for no less is your fookin entire
you know that this 1000 can cap and they
calling me we're trying missing my cello
walk the allagash our bellies Umbra I'm
running me go to a like a good break all
broken ease a nigga need it on the pitch
and I'm not here every time I saw Cole
got a good swirl that's it oh will it
make all your nipple was trying to get
child cake dough now I pull up in the
biz our Sambu got it would be busy
I will said I wanna go let a great like
they like goal I said I wanna go to the
Pablo a condo oh no no
can't let them know no did you say they
wanna go I'm gonna put CEO and the three
amigos taking my pencil fucking pin
uh-uh
she won the shopping spree she was about
the Russians when we spend on my Buckley
a little bit you tripping can't get my
blue bitches I'm sorry if I offended you
I dunno relationship I'm throw your
shoes on materials on my telephone my
top gundog I thinking he can suck it
like some leeches he'll I've been
running with some party rickets and they
freak you sell me you're not to love
sleep ha Weber number Brittany Kentucky
to paint like your number nigga business
like a shopping oversleep ain't got no
problem bringing back the product to me
before taking nobody bear
I want my Romanian ro baby ro for when
harder for women I was in the sky red
sky especially daughters better faster
Donna Bella
[Music]